README.md, before:

SmartSprites: CSS Sprite Generator Done Right
=============================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/carrotsearch/smartsprites.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/carrotsearch/smartsprites)

CSS Sprites Generator Done Right. SmartSprites maintains CSS sprites in your
designs, fully automatically. No tedious copying and pasting to your CSS when
adding or changing sprited images.


Quick start
-----------

1. Download SmartSprites binaries

2. Run:

       smartsprites --root-dir-path test/real-world-example

3. Look in +test/real-world-example+ for the results.


Documentation
-------------

For more instructions on using SmartSprites and a detailed 
syntax reference, please see:

http://csssprites.org


Bug tracker
-----------

http://issues.carrot2.org/browse/SMARTSPRITES


Source code
-----------

https://github.com/carrotsearch/smartsprites


Eclipse plugin
--------------

To run SmartSprites directly in your Eclipse IDE:

1. Install the Eclipse SmartSprites plugin from

       http://update.bitexpert.de/eclipse/3.5

2. Right-click your CSS file in Project Explorer and choose 
   External Tools > Generate Spritemap to generate sprites.


Plugin source code: https://github.com/bitExpert/eclipse-smartsprites

Commit message:

Notice about the discontinued status.

README.md, after:

Heads up, discontinued software!
--------------------------------

Since the modern web does not rely on small bitmaps any more, SmartSprites becomes irrelevant. We're not planning any new releases, but feel free to fork and use the code if you find it useful.


SmartSprites: CSS Sprite Generator Done Right
=============================================

CSS Sprites Generator Done Right. SmartSprites maintains CSS sprites in your
designs, fully automatically. No tedious copying and pasting to your CSS when
adding or changing sprited images.


Quick start
-----------

1. Download SmartSprites binaries

2. Run:

       smartsprites --root-dir-path test/real-world-example

3. Look in +test/real-world-example+ for the results.


Documentation
-------------

For more instructions on using SmartSprites and a detailed 
syntax reference, please see:

https://github.com/carrotsearch/smartsprites/wiki/Documentation


Bug tracker
-----------

http://issues.carrot2.org/browse/SMARTSPRITES


Source code
-----------

https://github.com/carrotsearch/smartsprites


Eclipse plugin
--------------

To run SmartSprites directly in your Eclipse IDE:

1. Install the Eclipse SmartSprites plugin from

       http://update.bitexpert.de/eclipse/3.5

2. Right-click your CSS file in Project Explorer and choose 
   External Tools > Generate Spritemap to generate sprites.


Plugin source code: https://github.com/bitExpert/eclipse-smartsprites
